so here's what I got so far I've got
this tea put in which brings cold water
to my mixing valve so that I can mix
this this hot water coming in down to a
radiant floor temperature 125 degrees
these zones are my radiant floor zones
this hot water here will be coming from
the boiler and I'll have a zone here for
my Modine heaters which I haven't showed
you yet
that'll be full temperature of boiler
water high 160 hundred 70 so I'll get
that put in got this I'm slowly building
my way back to the boiler once I've got
everything exactly where I want it
Oh solder it down I do that once you got
to put it all back together
I will solder it so yeah so here's where
I am the mixing valve in I've got my hot
water header done cap drain I don't
really like how this ends I bought these
integral valves and drains very fancy
very expensive I was trying to do
something different but I don't really
like this either basically what you want
to do is you want to leave your header
so that you can expand later and I don't
really feel like I've done that I mean I
would have to heat that up and pull this
thing off and then add another T which
is doable but with this whole thing it's
just what I should do just cap it right
there and be done but I figure I'll
throw a drain and that way I can you
know drain this money too I guess
I don't know looking somebody positive
anyway so I'm gonna put a thumb on here
and my valve my flange and then I should
be ready to solder so I'm gonna do that
okay so I have everything done to a
valve so that stops a valve that stops
involved
that's that leads to things so I have
the opportunity the ability to pressure
test why should I call about I have not
soldered any of these yet I had that
left to do so that's our going to do
next
solder all these joints and then put
some air to it with this little battle
buddy put on anyway so I'm gonna solve
them all pressure that's it and then I
need to go reassemble the house then I
can hook these two up and then I can see
if I get heat to the house that's right
check this out so there's a leak right
here so I could barely hear it and I can
almost not hear it now but if you go
around and you put your hands around
each joint here that
you can hear a leak so I just want to
round and put my hand on every other
joint and this is the only leak now
what's interesting is that I don't even
remember soldering this one so when it's
weakened okay so I have it all soldered
everything put everything back together
and I put see what I'm at ah six and a
half seven on T so seven pounds of air
in the system and I don't hear any leaks
generally you can right away here so
question is will it hold seven pounds
over a day well I'm gonna find a base
I'm not gonna wait I'm gonna fill with
water and that'll be a lot faster to
find the leaks but I usually fill it
with air once that way it's way easier
to fix a leak you open a valve and you
start soldering instead of you have to
dry all the pipes out you have to you
have to try and drain all the water
which is nearly impossible it's a very
lengthy task so it seems to be holding I
think I'm gonna take the air and put it
back up to ten and then go move it along
because it's unbelievable
the middle of October and it's like 75
degrees today it's just I mean yesterday
it was like 3040 and raining it was just
gross today it's gorgeous
so I'm gonna get one last Moen well I
still can and come back and see if
that's still holding air so yeah that's
what it looks like dunsky well I mean
I've done I don't have any of the pumps
on or near that's all I've done but it's
at least to a point where I can pressure
test it and it's downhill from here so
that's what I'm gonna do
you